hello welcome to an overview of Windows
8 themes I'm Joshua and for the next 10
days I have 10 themes that will be
previewed for you guys go ahead and
decide on how to personalize your
Windows PC with today's featured theme
before we start if you'd like to go
ahead and see more of these videos you
can hit the subscribe button before I
start or after and you can also find
updates for each video I create on
Google+ Twitter or my flippin windows
Facebook fan page so today's theme is
ultimate clean updated by GS w95 3 he's
a cool theme maker so let's go ahead and
take a look at the interface to see if
it belongs on your desktop beginning
with the wallpaper we have a pitch black
background with a skull with wings but
you can also add your own down below on
the taskbar the icons are isolated with
a white border left clicking on the
system clock we have a custom clock
included shown here with the theme
opening the file explorer gives us an
in-depth look at the windows interface
for right here all the device and drives
have a light gray to indicate the amount
of space on each one something different
with this theme is that the background
open in the file explorer is a bit
transparent using a program called Aero
transparent it's free and it can be
found in the link via the About tab the
Explorer frame itself with the forward
and back buttons also has white arrows
the top right options for minimize
maximize and close are invisible unless
you hover over them the Start menu is a
custom windows 8 logo hovering over and
has an effect you can include that if
you have a third-party Start menu on the
desktop you can always right-click
getting to personalize that way you will
have access to select the theme once you
add it to the theme folder so that ends
this overview for the ultimate clean
theme the theme will be available
download in the About tab of this video
guys all directions for applying the
theme will be in the zip file and if you
are not able to understand look at the
video on how to extract an add theme
files to the theme folder then applying
the theme also the only way to go ahead
and use these type of third-party themes
is to install a third-party theme
patcher and I have a video on how to do
that if you guys like to better learn
with the download link right here on the
video so if you guys enjoyed this video
good leave a thumbs up and share with
your friends via Facebook Twitter or
Google+ and if you guys want to see
another theme please wait for another
by subscribing or at the end of this
video you guys can go ahead and see
another theme featured just by clicking
the annotations that's it guys glad you
enjoyed this video on your one-stop
place for Windows tech and customization
and don't forget to subscribe to flip in
Windows so we can all grow together and
until more content arrives catch you
guys in the next one bye guys